Task/add grants doc (#130)
telefonicaid/thinking-cities: docs/authorization_api.md

Authorization API allows you to create, assign and retrieve grants for users of Thinking Cities platform.

# Grants

> Grants are a kind of subservices (keystone projects) which can implies for an user that has any role in that subservice a permission for do something in an apllication built on top of ThingkinCities Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grants are a kind of subservices (keystone projects) which can imply for a user that has any role in that subservice a permission for do something in an application built on top of ThingkinCities Platform.
```

> Grants always starts with a '#' characters, in contrast to others subservices which starts without that character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grants always start with a '#' character, in contrast to other subservices which start without that character.
```

Some examples of grants could be: `#readerApp`, `#adminApp`, `#managerApp` and so on.

There is a complete description about grants for [Urbo2](https://github.com/telefonicasc/urbo2/blob/master/docs/grants.md)

# Create Grants

Grants, like other subservices (keystone project), can be created using [Management API for create subservice](https://thinking-cities.readthedocs.io/en/latest/management_api/index.html#create-subservice)

Morever, like others subservices, can be created using Administrationt Portal of ThinkingCities Platform.

# Assign Grants

> For assign a grant to a user a role should be asigned to a user in that grant (keystone project) using [Management API for assign role to user](https://orchestrator2.docs.apiary.io/#reference/orchestrator/user-role-assigment/assign-role-to-user)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To assign a grant to a user, a role should be assigned to a user in that grant (keystone project) using [Management API for assign role to user](https://orchestrator2.docs.apiary.io/#reference/orchestrator/user-role-assigment/assign-role-to-user)
```

> Morever, like others role assigments, can be performed using Administrationt Portal of ThinkingCities Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Morever, like others role assigments, can be performed using Administration Portal of ThinkingCities Platform.
```
